com/example/b07project/Presenter.java
 com.example.b07project.Presenter
com/example/b07project/user_information/Person.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.Person
com/example/b07project/user_information/Doctor.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.Doctor
com/example/b07project/appointment_activities/Appointment.java
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.Appointment
com/example/b07project/Model.java
 com.example.b07project.Model
 com.example.b07project.Model$1
com/example/b07project/user_information/Patient.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.Patient
com/example/b07project/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.b07project.BuildConfig
com/example/b07project/user_information/HealthInformation.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.HealthInformation
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityDoctorBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityDoctorBinding
com/example/b07project/MainActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.MainActivity
com/example/b07project/appointment_activities/PatientViewPastAppointmentActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientViewPastAppointmentActivity
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientViewPastAppointmentActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientViewPastAppointmentActivity$2
com/example/b07project/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/b07project/databinding/ContentDoctorSignupBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ContentDoctorSignupBinding
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityPatientChooseDoctorBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityPatientChooseDoctorBinding
com/example/b07project/user_information/DoctorActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorActivity
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorActivity$1$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorActivity$2
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/b07project/user_information/PatientActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientActivity
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientActivity$1$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientActivity$2
com/example/b07project/user_information/DoctorSignup.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorSignup
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorSignup$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorSignup$2
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorSignup$3
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorSignup$3$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorSignup$3$1$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorSignup$3$2
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorSignup$4
com/example/b07project/fragments/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.b07project.fragments.SecondFragment
 com.example.b07project.fragments.SecondFragment$1
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityPatientSignupBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityPatientSignupBinding
com/example/b07project/appointment_activities/PatientChooseDoctorActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientChooseDoctorActivity
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientChooseDoctorActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientChooseDoctorActivity$1$1
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientChooseDoctorActivity$2
com/example/b07project/appointment_activities/DoctorViewAppointmentActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.DoctorViewAppointmentActivity
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.DoctorViewAppointmentActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.DoctorViewAppointmentActivity$2
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityDoctorViewAvailabilityBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityDoctorViewAvailabilityBinding
com/example/b07project/user_information/PatientSignup.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientSignup
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientSignup$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientSignup$2
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientSignup$2$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientSignup$2$1$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientSignup$2$2
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientSignup$3
com/example/b07project/user_information/DoctorPatientCheckupActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorPatientCheckupActivity
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorPatientCheckupActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorPatientCheckupActivity$2
 com.example.b07project.user_information.DoctorPatientCheckupActivity$3
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityDoctorViewAppointmentBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityDoctorViewAppointmentBinding
com/example/b07project/appointment_activities/PatientBookAppointmentActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientBookAppointmentActivity
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientBookAppointmentActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientBookAppointmentActivity$2
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientBookAppointmentActivity$2$1
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientBookAppointmentActivity$3
com/example/b07project/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/b07project/appointment_activities/DoctorViewAvailabilityActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.DoctorViewAvailabilityActivity
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.DoctorViewAvailabilityActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.DoctorViewAvailabilityActivity$2
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityDoctorSignupBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityDoctorSignupBinding
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityLoginPageBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityLoginPageBinding
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityPatientViewAppointmentBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityPatientViewAppointmentBinding
com/example/b07project/databinding/ContentScrollingBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ContentScrollingBinding
com/example/b07project/appointment_activities/PatientViewAppointmentActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientViewAppointmentActivity
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientViewAppointmentActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.appointment_activities.PatientViewAppointmentActivity$2
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityDoctorPatientCheckupBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityDoctorPatientCheckupBinding
com/example/b07project/LoginPage.java
 com.example.b07project.LoginPage
 com.example.b07project.LoginPage$1
 com.example.b07project.LoginPage$2
 com.example.b07project.LoginPage$3
 com.example.b07project.LoginPage$4
 com.example.b07project.LoginPage$4$1
 com.example.b07project.LoginPage$4$1$1
 com.example.b07project.LoginPage$4$2
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityPatientBookAppointmentBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityPatientBookAppointmentBinding
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityPatientViewVisitedDoctorsBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityPatientViewVisitedDoctorsBinding
com/example/b07project/fragments/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.b07project.fragments.FirstFragment
 com.example.b07project.fragments.FirstFragment$1
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityPatientViewPastAppointmentBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityPatientViewPastAppointmentBinding
com/example/b07project/databinding/ActivityPatientBinding.java
 com.example.b07project.databinding.ActivityPatientBinding
com/example/b07project/user_information/PatientViewVisitedDoctorsActivity.java
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientViewVisitedDoctorsActivity
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientViewVisitedDoctorsActivity$1
 com.example.b07project.user_information.PatientViewVisitedDoctorsActivity$2
